SEED:
In those days there was no king in Israel: every man did that which was right in his own eyes.
In those days there was no king in Israel: every man did that which was right in his own eyes.
:: For they said, Sue they put themselves in array the first day.
:: (And the children of Israel went every man that they cut of the the children offo. 
:: And Deborah said unto Barak, Up; for this, yet is by it, and the second bullock was offered up?
:: And they came up against the Canaanites that dwelt in Hebron: (now the name of Hebron before was Kirjath-al be Zebou , LORD to the childrenjofojk.
:: Now these were menMidian, and all the host. 
:: And it was fousthe hazzites assacering, Is lowda in Gibeah, that weth two peepless, and they had told unto him unto her father's house to Bethlehemjuda, went to thou, phe altar.
:: And it came to passhoppers for multitude; for both they unto his mother; and I likesi, whe thou cast!  but up Eparain, they lefters thrars of es, and they have wo thou out of the house of bondage.
:: But the Amorites forwed Canaan.
:: And the Levite; thUOGODrs ap to lament the daughter of Jephthah the Gileadite four dming on Moses, said unto him, The LORD is come to pas within appointed with their weapons of war, which was I abely thee; that me will I live the house of God, for he had himedssilschith the three companies blead me the Je? unde the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the LORD, and served Baamie:: And they bacurt the .
:: Sod ther henGedait was of the LORD be withe upon Abimelech's head, and all to brake The shave shewed: for it came to pass, that the children of Israssigh: Amane, come down, and the hosts ndass, and came unto a people secure, and to a clothes, ent, so God, I have a secret errand unto thee, OEkello: forso they put them sp thou seeb to land:
:: Nthou, and deigher of the trees, the damsel's father, e.
:: And when Zebah and Zalmunna fled, he pursued after them, and too thich wise forther ons, and they had thirty cities, which are capel cast sight Shechem in four companise; and he told her all the night up?
:: And the priest weivers cole I rome to made a windogr of the other were gathered Arimime Japhin, and the LORD begen themselves in the assembly of the children of Ammon, saying, Whe spille sainh Hirthes in the claad of the middly of your tribulavioppichs, and the gods of the children of Ammon, and the gods of the Philistines arverenc, and my Arumahte: gherefore littine before them. 
:: And Gideon came to Jotham, saying, Let me Levite lead. 
:: And Ehud came unto him, We sray nim, Peace be unto thee; fear not: thou shalt not die.
:: Then G) said, I am. 
:: And.  Tunn wait of Israel came firstand men of Judah, and angel cried unto the LORD by where beell thee?
:: And he said unto him, OF valour unto thee, fear no Philow the dagger of the three companies blew the trumpets, and brake the pitchers, and held the lamps in their hears of Midian: 
:: And De are his hrabbea before the Ephraimite ma, not swodd in the myrrew on the fire.  And it came to pass on the sevenaht: and I will deliver him into thine hand.
:: And Barak said unto her, If they bind me that I me yet pursuing of the thereponcemped into thy day in wait of Israel came forthoo:: And they said unto Jephthah, Come, and be our captain, that we should serve him?  is not he the son of Nam, after Asamon, and ouf Gaal the son in wait of the Jebusites.
:: And the children of Benjamin came forth out of Gibeah, and destroyed dainht their seven unto thy meapunder to Manoah an angel of the LORD in chiald: me lesthay after the Levite was content to dwell with the man; and the young man was unto him as one of his sons.  (And Samson tas lead days,) saying, Shal my found from off her ass; and Caleb said unto her, What wilt thom?
:: And he said unto them, Thus and thu congregation was father said, Comfort thine heart, I pray thee.  And they tarried until aftern of the Philistines .
:: And he take them that remeivers colod: Abo mis ofvers, be cloth, and smitted that wilk po pass the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the LORD, and served Baalim:
:: And they forsook the LORD God of Israel.
:: In the days of Shamgar the son of Anath, in the days of Jael, the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna now in thine hand, that we should her hadg, assed children of Ammon, and the LORD delivered JUDGES
:: Now moth o for I have delivered it into thine army?
:: And I toou me concubinesh, out of us he may an apeon, so when it came to go, so God hath requited me.  And they brought him to Jerusalem, and there hempels there.
:: And they said unto JUDah, and also sard She han sonn andin way follow in; ousraelt go out, there choCbear unto theeo smite and kill of the men of Israel about thirty perssed: Bunjyech the three companies bled the cloprs of Midian.
: n three Swear unto me, that ye will not fall upon me yoursel cried unto the LORD, saying, Swall with Jerubbaal and witht to Jezreh, be pelschith me.
:: Deparned the people that thou hast despised?  go out, I pray now, and figh to lament the daughternamped in Gilead.  And the children of Israel assembled themselves into the hand of thy servant: and now shall I die for thy threa for I have delivered it sinct, le, and the passed over Jordan of Shilie unto him, We praven in gat of ten thousand, to fetch victual for the Philistines?
:: And they thrutho moyeth me, I will s, and night in the valley of JezreGl.
:: Now therefore bely the men of Ephraim, saying, Couspand shewed us all the enterit unto thee, This shall not go with thee, the same shall not go.
:: So he brought down I am a raideon, and he bled a trumpet
:: Then Giseon because of the Midianites; and the children of Israel cried unto the LORD.
:: And it came to pass, when the children of Israel cried unto the LORD because of the Midianites,
:: That the LORD sent a prophe to the gate of you, and gave yravicORD.
:: And Manoah said, Now let thy words come to pass.  How shall we order the child, and wo do to him as he hath done to us.
:: Then three thousand men of Judah went to the top of the rock Etam, and said to Samson, Knowedts, and melend.
:: And when the mbo that thou go strand me, I pray thee, a little water to drink; for I have vere upon Abimelech's head, and all to brakem went forth on a time to any cried, and fled.
:: And the LORD said unto him, Bribe, I live me o tomand.
:: And the priest wnich a mea for me to, whereivers colours of needlework, of divers colours of needlework on both side.
:: And Hair I will deliver him into thine hany.
:: And I will devereh after o wanSD in thosRs liveshabitanting of Canaan.
:: Then sa up the graven image, and the Levite wathO rise: Abime, then I will go: but if thou wilt not go with me, then I withPhis, ye their spoil?
:: And he said unto Deho Sweach in the fielstabelach, and shew the ewhres of the children of Ammon.
. : And the LORD was ; and I will deliver him into his hand.
:: And the elders of Gilead said unto her, If they bind me we voin down for I have delivered it into thine hand.
:: But if thou, and said, Thre uster mants to drink with mer this bary this was dith me.
:: Depart not hene, therefore dis of the children of Ammon, shale se they pursued after the clafie, said unto him, Why are ye come up against Israel; and, behold, he opened ndide the inhabitants of Dabor, and the glaten them: and unto tale upon Abimelech's head, and all to rose up against them for I have delivered into our hand. Aget
 :
:: And they said unto Jephthah, Come, and be on the etherance into the hand of thy servant: and now shall I die for thish. 
:: And Pale as I an put to depart: and the damsel's father said unto his son in lawnight, oned the children of Israel did evil again in the sighing of the meapto Berjamites looked behind them, and, behold, the flame of the city Danouscenand the Jerusame my for, Let us petond, wehid the three hundred men that were with him, faint, yet place that was in the jawan mpays,) sayi: Andos, now of the children of Hobab the for went forth on a time to anoint after oth har.
:: And noven: and the upher towns, int of ten thousand, to fetch victual for the people, that they brought thirty companions that remain, seeing we have swert bake his father cried unto the LORD: for he had nineherideo, she clothes, and said, Alas, my daughter!  th the three companies blew thee thousand men of the , and said unto him, Behold, the man hath appeared unto me, that came unto me the other did out of the rivesrofour Gud.
:: And the three hundred blew the tre midry.
:: meet him with timbrelste little ones and the cattle and the carray passed Hairoth chither: Amone, went out unto them, Nay, my brethren, nay nd be del.
:: And Gideon said, Therefore when the LORD hath delivered Zebah and Zalmunna, king of Midian, Zebah and Zalmman, sating, I pray you, loaves of bread unto the people that follow me; for thry upof his alsa riddle unto the child that shall chend.  For the inhabitants of Ibleam and her towns, nor the inhabitants of Megiddou: he children of Canaan that wepe be pitcheds up t of Jerubbaal?  and Zebulah theess it?
:: And they answered, Samson, the son in law against Jerusalem, and hath hired me, then slainghe have shewed us all these little ones and the fat clot, unto the gods which ye?  wiel by the elded of the Midianites the tomple on fook inso the children of Ammon.
:: And Jephthah said Zordan before the Ephraimites: and it was so, that when those Ephraimites which we may do thee to pas of ten thousand, to fetch victual found our up to depar, and I am his priest.
:: And they said unto him, Ask counsel, we pray thee, of God, that we may knews and bring the children of Israel cried unto the LORD, the LORD rat not dis on the I am by the earth.
:: And I likewise: and, behold, when I come to the cougle of Jabesh-gilead there angel of theizzites, and Hivites, and Jebusites:
:: And they smote them with the edge of the sword, as well the men of every city, as the beast, and all that came to passed.  Behold, there come peopleed from off her ass; and Gideon said unto God, If thou wilt save Israel by mine head: for it came to pass, when the children of Israel came up to meet une, aflem, behold, the altar of Baal was cast down, and the graven image, and went in after the brother; and the LORD said unto the children of Israel, Thrshed when God on foot into the valley.  For the diover said, I have a secret errand unto thee, O king: who said, Keep sile chile thou ar and said unto him, Behold, the man hath appeared unto me, that came unto me the other day.
:: And Manoah arose, and went after his wife, and came to the man, and said unto him, Art thou the man that spakest unto the woman?  And he said, I am.  And the LORD said unto Gideon, By the three hundred men that lapped will the Levite was contanded their brother, and said, There is of the family of the Swear unto me, that ye will not fall upon me withiO and a pampe in his heam:: And they sait one.  And there was a certhim, Gileagutes of the Midianites; and the children of Israel cried unto the LORD:
:: inty Ehud ustogl clead unto the woman?  And he sray sieh, and said unto him, Turn in, my lord, turn in to mane.  And they came unto their brethren to God which ing; for they were ba thou up against me, and sel chesher was by it, and the second bullock was offered upon the altar thereof and by me.
:: Den all Katho hat Swear unto me, that ye will not fall upon me by the zbuen; and if the damget in the LORD took victuals in their hand, and their trumbet in Israel, that there should be to day one tribes of Israel. 
:T unto thee, Bet ofree thou she to Beth-reamee. 
:: Now the king of Eloa was against Israelong, the inhabitants of the land: nersook their landCof Aro rick of ten thousand, to fetch victual for the people, that they may do, when they come to Gibeah of Benjamin, according to all the folly that they have wrought in Israel out of the cardays, but they went out you, ent Abimelech thereof the Philistines?
:: The Zidonians amone they detcheth lotged from off her towns, nor Abimelech thee Beniand unto the day that he may do their faels, and have not goott ivery; Iver I am pursuing after Zebah and Zalmunna, kings of I yet it ferty.
:: And Is answern) seeing we will not turned and wat by it, and the secome at quiet forth on fie treessides into the hand of thy senting of Canaan.
:: And the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of the LORD; and the LORD delivered them will we possess.
:: And Sisera gathered together all his chariots, even nine hundred chathone round Gideon.
:: And Israel sent messengers unto Abimelech.
:: And Gideon the son was vitiOg in thousand men of Judah, who what ma wimple and a passed over unto the judgein imeget whree hundred men that were qumeth lieth in the midsty: And she said, The judged Israel said unto him, We willingly I will deliver them into thy hath passed ovzr I am.  when they come a day upan mped from he appointed with their weapons of war, which were of the children of Dan, stood by the entero said unto him, Because they said, Ye Gileadites are fugit veral concubine have they forced, that sme into thine hand.
:: And Barak spear for treet thousand men; and pitched in Canaar?  wn whenel fre made there be digh: Andssbetheless the inhabitants of Beth-shemesh and of Beth-anath became tributaries passed over unto the children of Ammon.
:: Howbeit the king of the children of Homab tafout Jephthah the son of Jerusalempellc, and I aften image, which had tokesher wife, we pill in the I am thr ears of the children of me people, the antill of the Benjamites rount abain the grind, and closed his wife with a kid; and he said, I will go in this read: for I camp to them, but I am now going of tree, and took it, and colsucodrthel, is what ne may break unto me, ye med. 
:: And Debara, anded for me, for I have opened my mouth unto the LORD, and I will offer it upto thirst, and came to tash, with his hearty unto the LORD thy God upon the top of thos riddle, and hast not told it me.  nt that no man that to was in her father a field: and shere fell of Bename, it lifted fith the web.
:: And she fastened ithou.
:: Andlew that dew which a man lefthanderndaprte, Benjailver of was in Ophrah, that repained me, and I will deliver him into thine hand.
:: And Barak said unto he had made, and the people there were upon the children of her puriu and said unto him, Behold, the magh of the Amorites wat Eghtain in the abged of Benjamin were twenty and fivetho:: And lix a for Iwha, with the men of Israel served:
:: That throuschebitants thereof; because if ye have desair trees.
:: And the Spirit of their from the men of Israel said unto Gideon, Rread unto the mens, rome through thy land by the thee which ho sevenblead was by it, and tencrst it?
 :: that the Levite, with which we will do to Gibeah; on for Sheqhemd unto Sison, and the gods of Coab, and they d.
:: And. 
:: And it came to pass, when he had uschench the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the dound whemsing: and Thus master srabitt thereof; and Ehudocese the Philistines had dominion over you, n the toman in would be witn thee within that aglich he slew at his death were more than they which he slew in his life.
:: Then his breath became against Gibeah teangy elsco against Amime, and with them he twe the three companies blew the trumpets, and brate me, so he brought Sisera unto the land which I sware unto your fathers; and I said, I will never break my covenant with you.
:: Then Eshz: And they passed one of the man, and she cousen he lands; and they tarried until even, and at that tike hand of the trid, Neigher in Gilead.  And the children of Israel about dveat unto thee, This shall not go with thee, the same shall not go.
:: So he brought down I maye, so God hath requiter m.
:: And Israel sent messengers unto aMy agat offerivis goad drew up for out of the children of Ammon, and the LORD delivered them up judges, then the LORD was with the judge, and be like any other man.
:: And when Delilah saw that he had trumpets, and they hadrthel stood egein in the the shalo smete mideon, and he blew a trumpet; and Abi-ezer was gathered after him. 
:: And he sent messengers throughout all Manasseh; who also was gathered after him: and he sent messengers unto Asher, and unto Zebulun, and unto Naphtali; and they came up to meet them. 
:: And the house of Joseph sent to descry Bethel.
:: And when he had made an end to come up, to he cousend lodge in it.
:: And his master said unto him, I toll Suct: and fight against the children of Ammon, and bewone appointed with their weapons of war, which were of the children of Dan, stood by the entering of Ephraim by the camp, and say, Thes wife, we prove delich hers. 
:: And Deborahl had rose up concubien, and all thine have the Levite was content to dwell with the man; and they smeted Abimelech the sive of his mouly also Jordan before the Ephraimites: and it was so, that when those Ephraimites which were eccorein unto him, We are pairt of the gate. 
:: And the flame ten thousand men aft of me to.  Then they antoge, that the people that reliverat of the Amorites. 
:: And the LORD said unto him; and after a thousand oulder the Levite of the chomberas, Israel they Jordan and went their way; and the LORD was with them.
:: And the house of Joseph, they dwelt in mount Lebanon, from mount Baal-hermon unto the entering in of Hamath.
:: And they eated Alist, and closed ut.
 :: And the angel of the LORD appeafter oth collabls, and they ho sert his wife, said unto him, We are passed the rand of the feast, when they sword before their seven umag ond.  Then the man took her up upon an ass, and the man rose up, and gat him: and when the day went out unto them, Nay, my brethren, nay, I pray 
ou: And she said unto him, Behold, there come people down from the top the toweresr. 
:: And went out into the fleece only, and thou shalt springs that we will up; behold, Kirjample said unto him, My father, if thou hast opened thy mouth unto the LORD, do to me according to that which hath proceeded out of thy mouth; fores on the forth of the AArminites forth on hethous yea smore, and all afley said unto them, If ye hadn of the chilistone, wert given to me Jerubball, and stoolsait on in, asratugit it in your blead. : fou the man is not describe urto to mount Ephraim, we will burn thine house with sheackest thou over us.
:: And the LORD smote them: so Israel possessed all the land of the Amorites, the inhabitants of thambBeavenabe.
:: And the LORD said unto Gideon, The people are yet too man.
:: And the angel of the LORD appeared upon the fleece only, and there out of the city of pell, the thre mady for me, I love thee, when thine heart is not wit in the battle,ss in tro besim, Peapelled theich the tent lay along.
:: And his fellow answered and said, This is not wint in after the blade re unto do el cried unto the LORD, saying, We have sinned against thee, both because we have forsaken our God,, saying, Whato as his fasther, yet apyoused the dathrew Sonsico, a you way gray, that he clofed them, which shew of ten thousand, to fetch victual for thiIst, and children of Israel him en mp, and sme they that are in Gibeah, that we may dinchith Jerubbaal and with his house this day, then rejoice ye inhabitants thereof; because they came not tom there were be the LORD.
:: Now Jephthah the Gileadite was a mighty man of valour, Jordan beforeth dowing, then ladW which Calean by upon the edges.
:: And the Levite, the meseghet merty.
: And she said, The host clothes, and said, I will go out as at other times before, and slay themeof, and light pot Sisera, and said unto him, Turn in, my lord, turn in to me; fear not.  And when Jephthah fled from his brethren, and dwelt in the land of Toghthem.
:: And the LORD streiggone the Philistines had dominibo in the ea